changelogs for release 1.3.0 (#207)
agno-agi/agno-docs: changelog/overview.mdx

mode: "wide"
---

<Update label="2025-04-12" description="v1.3.0">
## New Features:

> - **Memory Revamp**: Releasing a complete revamp of Agno Memory. This includes a new `Memory` class that supports adding, updating and deleting user memories, as well as doing semantic search with a model. This also adds additional abilities to the agent to manage memories on your behalf. See the docs [here](https://docs.agno.com/memory/introduction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Memory Revamp (Beta)**: This is a beta release of a complete revamp of Agno Memory. This includes a new `Memory` class that supports adding, updating and deleting user memories, as well as doing semantic search with a model. This also adds additional abilities to the agent to manage memories on your behalf. See the docs [here](https://docs.agno.com/memory/introduction).
```
